Documentation meta-descriptions review N° 2 (#5518)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/office365/index.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2015, Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Discover how Wazuh can help you monitor the Office 365 audit log for your organization. Learn more about it in this section of our documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Discover how Wazuh helps you monitor the Office 365 audit log for your organization. Learn more about it in this section of our documentation.
```
